Create ui-c8y-1019-6-4-improvements-for-the-codex-tooltip-and-tag-sections-5571-graft-release-cd-5579.md (#1733)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/ui-c8y-1019-6-4-improvements-for-the-codex-tooltip-and-tag-sections-5571-graft-release-cd-5579.md

---
date: ""

> title: Improvements for the codex tooltip and tag sections (#5571) [GRAFT][release/cd] (#5579)

Author: The Claude AI suggested to use the following title:
```suggestion
title: Improvements to Codex Tooltip and Tag Sections
```

Reviewer: We use sentence capitalization. Should be: "Improvements to Codex tooltip and tag sections". Or are these titles of sections? Then it must be "Improvements to Codex Tooltip and Tag sections"

product_area: undefined
change_type:
  - value: change-2c7RdTdXo4
    label: Improvement
component:
  - value: component-YbYJ3gLU_
    label: Web SDK
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: 
version: 1019.6.4
---

> Co-authored-by: Lukasz Janusz <luja@softwareag.com>

Author: The Claude AI suggested to use the following body:
```suggestion
This release includes improvements to the tooltip and tag sections in Codex. Changes include:

- Enhanced tooltip styling for better visibility and readability
- Added ability to edit tags directly from the tag section
- Fixed issue with overflowing tag text in the tag section
- Other minor bug fixes and enhancements to the tooltip and tag UI
```
